Feature/key renaming day (#1200)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Public: Introduce new system for locale keys. Now copies are more structured and easier to look-up amongst the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Public: Introduced new system for locale keys. Keys are now more structured and easier to find within the code.
```
